docs: Guided exercise interactions via CLI (#945)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/4-my-own-chain/game-fifo.md

    }
    ```

    Again, it is advisable to do `SetStoredGame` and `SetNextGame` after calling this function.

> ## Implementation

Author: In software development, _implementation_ usually has the meaning of putting content where a void was left on purpose to be _implemented_:

```typescript
function getValue(key: string): ValueType {
    throw new Error("TODO implement");
}
```

As opposed to what is being done here, which is take newly built functions, and call them within existing code. This existing code is not empty and works well already; it is being augmented by the new line.

I am sure we can do better than _Use it_, though.

Reviewer: "Integration"? Or an equivalent phrase: "Integrating FIFO"

Author: > "Integration"? Or an equivalent phrase: "Integrating FIFO"

Yes

You implemented a FIFO that is updated but never really used.

## Interact via the CLI

Time to see what you get now with the commands. Because you made numerous additions to the blockchain state, you need to start afresh:

```sh
$ starport chain serve --reset-once
```

> Don't forget to export `alice` and `bob` again as explained in an [earlier section](./create-message.md).

Reviewer 2: I included this in a highlight box. But feel free to delete the box again or use a different one.

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 2
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "1"
      beforeId: "0"
    ...
    ```

    That's correct. Your FIFO now has the game ids `[0, 2, 1]`. You see that the game 1, which was played on, has been sent to the tail of the FIFO.

8. What happens when Alice rejects game 2?

    ```sh
    $ checkersd tx checkers reject-game 2 --from $alice
    $ checkersd query checkers show-next-game
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    NextGame:
      creator: ""
      fifoHead: "0"
      fifoTail: "1"
      idValue: "3"
    ```

    No changes there because game 2 was _in the middle_, so it did not affect the head or the tail.

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 0
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "1"
      beforeId: "-1"
    ...
    ```

    And:

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 1
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "-1"
      beforeId: "0"
    ...
    ```

    So your FIFO now has the game ids `[0, 1]`. The game 2 was correctly removed from the FIFO.

## Next up

> Now you need to add an expiry date on the games. That's the goal of the [next section](./game-deadline.md).

Reviewer 2: Maybe amend the first sentence to shortly include why an expiry date is necessary.

> Now you need to add an expiry date on the games. That's the goal of the [next section](./game-deadline.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Having a list of games ordered by age is not enough to ascertain their staleness. You need to also add an expiry date on each game to reach that decision. That's the goal of the [next section](./game-deadline.md).
```

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 2
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "1"
      beforeId: "0"
    ...
    ```

    That is correct. Your FIFO now has the game IDs `[0, 2, 1]`. You see that game `1`, which was played on, has been sent to the tail of the FIFO.

8. What happens when Alice rejects game `2`?

    ```sh
    $ checkersd tx checkers reject-game 2 --from $alice
    $ checkersd query checkers show-next-game
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    NextGame:
      creator: ""
      fifoHead: "0"
      fifoTail: "1"
      idValue: "3"
    ```

    No changes there because game `2` was _in the middle_, so it did not affect the head or the tail.

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 0
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "1"
      beforeId: "-1"
    ...
    ```

    And:

    ```sh
    $ checkersd query checkers show-stored-game 1
    ```

    Which prints:

    ```
    StoredGame:
      afterId: "-1"
      beforeId: "0"
    ...
    ```

    So your FIFO now has the game IDs `[0, 1]`. Game `2` was correctly removed from the FIFO.

## Next up

> Now you need to add an expiry date on the games. That is the goal of the [next section](./game-deadline.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Having a list of games ordered by age is not enough to ascertain their staleness. You need to also add an expiry date on each game to reach that decision. That is the goal of the [next section](./game-deadline.md).
```
